1)	SPAudit.ps1 – I wrote this script a long time ago to capture a great deal of information about an existing Farm into XML. Most of the rest of the scripts in this project pull data from this XML for their work. I have folded the SPAudit project into this larger project.
2)	Get-SPSolutions.ps1 – This is a script I wrote ages ago to dump existing solution packages (.wsp files) from the config database out to a zip file.
3)	Get-SQLDBsToBackup.ps1 – This script generates a text file dump of all user databases in a SQL instance
4)	Backup-SQLDBs.ps1 – This script was pulled from our PowerShell library (not sure who to credit) for backing up SQL databases based on a list of databases in a text file (See output from #3 above)
5)	Restore-SQLDBs.ps1 – I wrote this crude script ages ago to generate a text file full of T-SQL for restoring a directory full of .bak files back into SQL. This could most likely be done WAY better. As it stands it is very clunky and will usually fail on a couple of restores due to DB names inside the bak files not matching the name of the bak file itself.
6)	Add-Migrated Solutions.ps1 – Installs the .wsp file from the Exported solutions based on what solutions are listed in the SPAudit XML file.
7)	Create-MigratedWebApps.ps1 – This script reproduces the Web Application configurations from the source Farm based on the information collected in the SPAudit XML. This could be fleshed out more to account for more potential options. There is a lot of unused data in the XML. Could also use some exceptions so things like CA don’t try to create, MemberShip/Role Provider, as well as having a way to change the URL of the Web App if that is a requirement during migration.
8)	Install-MigratedSolutions.ps1 – script re-deploys the installed Solutions to the web applications or globally, and with their associated policies based on the information gathered in the SPAudit XML file.
9)	Mount-ContentDBs.ps1 – This script mounts the restored SQL content databases to their appropriate Web Applications based on the SPAudit XML data.
10)	Migrate-AAMs.ps1 – This script generates all of the Web App AAMs based on the SPAudit XML data.
11)	FBA Configs.ps1 – Not written yet. This script is intended to deploy the Web.config changes for FBA configuration based on the SPAudit XML data. The SPAudit script also needs to be updated to collect this information in the first place.
